When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    I can think of at least three situations in which it would be advantageous
    to use a remote repository. The first, and perhaps the most frequent of
    these would be in the context of a team effort, such as a software
    development project, where multiple people work concurrently on the same
    codebase.
    Another use case would be when a person needs to work on different
    computers, as in the case of multi-platform software development or remote
    work.
    Finally, using a remote repository can also be a way to help protect one's
    work against data loss, by ensuring that at least one copy resides in a
    different physical location.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Fill in your answer here

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    (Compare and contrast type of paragraph??)

    Clones and forks are very similar, in that both allow a user to obtain his
    own fully editable copy of a repository. The main difference between them
    lies in the fact that forks are basically a clone operation performed at
    the GitHub level, which create a repository to which the user has write
    access.
    Branches, on the other hand, are an entirely different beast. A branch can
    be seen as an addition to an existing repository, a parallel history of
    code that may or may not merge later into the master branch.

    When would I use GitHub's fork feature? When will I clone? When should I
    branch?

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Given my limited experience with Git, at this moment the only benefit I
    could clearly derive from that feature would be the ability to merge remote
    changes without the need for a permanent network connection.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
